Regal - Partnership Docs (#5426)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/additional_channels/messaging/regal.md

---
nav_title: Regal
article_title: Regal
description: "This reference article outlines the partnership between Braze and Regal, a phone and SMS sales solution that allows you to use data from both sources to create personalized experiences for your customers."
alias: /partners/regal/
page_type: partner
search_tag: Partner

---

# Regal

> [Regal.io][6] is the phone and SMS sales solution built to drive more conversations so you can hit your growth goals way faster.

By integrating Regal and Braze, you can create a more consistent and personalized experience across all your customer touchpoints.
- Send the right next best email or push notification from Braze based on what's said in a phone conversation on Regal.
- Trigger a call in Regal when a high-value customer clicks through a marketing email from Braze but doesn't convert.

## Prerequisites

| Requirement | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Regal account | A Regal account is required to take advantage of this partnership. |

> | Regal API key | A Regal API key will allow sending events from Braze to Regal.<br><br>Email support@regal.io to get this key. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Regal API key | A Regal API key will allow sending events from Braze to Regal.<br><br>Email [support@regal.io](mailto:support@regal.io) to get this key. |
```

| Braze Data Transformation | Data transformation is currently in early access. Contact your Braze customer success manager if you are interested in participating in the early access. This is necessary to receive data from Regal. |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

## Integration: Sending data from Braze to Regal

The following section describes how to use Braze as a source for sending your customer profile and event data to Regal using Braze Canvas or campaign webhooks.

### Step 1: Create new contacts in Regal

Build a Canvas or campaign that webhooks out to Regal every time a new contact is created in Braze who you want to be available for calls and texts in Regal. 

1. Create a Canvas or campaign titled "Create New Contact for Regal" and select **Action-Based** as the entry type.

2. Set the trigger logic as **Custom Event** and select the event that is fired when a contact with a phone number is created. Regal also recommends adding an extra filter on the phone field that ensures it's set.

> 3. In your new Webhook template, fill out the following fields:<br>
> **Webhook URL**: <https://events.regalvoice.com/events><br>
> **Request Body**: Raw Text

Reviewer: Formatting suggestion
```suggestion
3. In your new Webhook template, fill out the following fields:
   - **Webhook URL**: <https://events.regalvoice.com/events>
   - **Request Body**: Raw Text
```

#### Request headers and method

> Regal.io also requires an HTTP Header for authorization and an HTTP method. The following will already be included within the template as a key-value pair, but in the **Settings** tab:

Reviewer: Not sure if it makes sense to say "but" here 🤔 I'd suggest striking
```suggestion
Regal.io also requires an HTTP Header for authorization and an HTTP method. The following will already be included within the template as a key-value pair in the **Settings** tab:
```

### Step 2: Update opt-in information 

If opt-in and out can happen at different parts of your user experience on your app, it's important to update Regal as users opt in or out. Below is a recommended Canvas for how to send up-to-date opt-in information to Regal. It assumes you save this as a Braze profile field, but if not, the trigger can just as easily be an event in your Braze account that represents a user opting in or unsubscribing. (The example below is for phone opt-in, but you can set up a similar Canvas or campaign for SMS opt-in if you collect those separately).

1. Create a new Canvas or campaign titled "Send Opt In or Out to Regal".

2. Select one of the following trigger options and select whatever field represents the user's opt-in status. If you fire an event to Braze to represent opt-in or out, use that event as the trigger instead.
    - User Profile Field Updated
    - Update Subscription Group Status
    - Subscription Status

> 3. In your new Webhook template, fill out the following fields:<br>
> **Webhook URL**: <https://events.regalvoice.com/events><br>
> **Request Body**: Raw Text

Reviewer: Same formatting suggestion as above
```suggestion
3. In your new Webhook template, fill out the following fields:
   - **Webhook URL**: <https://events.regalvoice.com/events>
   - **Request Body**: Raw Text
```

    "traits": {
        "phone": "<phoneNumber>",
        "optIn": [
            {
                "channel": "voice",
                "source": "<leadSource>",
                "subscribed": "<voice_optin_subscribed>"
            },
            {
                "channel": "sms",
                "source": "<leadSource>",
                "subscribed": "<voice_optin_subscribed>"
            }
        ]
    },
    "eventSource": "braze"
}
```

### Step 3: Send custom events

Finally, set up a Canvas or campaign for each of the key events you want to send Regal - Regal recommends sending any events that are important for triggering SMS and Calls in Regal (such as an event at each step of the signup or purchase flow) or will that be used as exit criteria for contacts to fall out of Regal campaigns.

For example, below is a workflow for sending Regal an event when a user completes the first step of an Application.

1. Create a new Canvas or campaign titled "Send Application Step 1 Completed Event to Regal".

2. Set the trigger node logic as **Custom Event** and select the event name you want to send to Regal, such as "Application Step 1 Completed".

> 3. In your new Webhook template, fill out the following fields:<br>
> **Webhook URL**: <https://events.regalvoice.com/events><br>
> **Request Body**: Raw Text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In your new Webhook template, fill out the following fields:
   - **Webhook URL**: <https://events.regalvoice.com/events>
   - **Request Body**: Raw Text
```

#### Up-to-date contact attributes

While it's not necessary, Regal recommends also sending any key user profile data fields on the event payloads of your event workflows to ensure Regal has access to the most up-to-date contact attributes at the time key events become available.

{% alert note %}
If you have questions about which events are important to send to Regal or how best to set up these Canvases and campaigns, contact support@regal.io.
{% endalert %}

## Integration: Sending data from Regal to Braze

This section describes how to get Regal reporting events like `SMS.sent` and `call.completed` into Braze so they can appear on your Braze profiles and be available in the Braze segmentation tool, Canvas, and campaigns. This integration uses Regal Reporting Webhooks and Braze Data Transformation to automate data flow.

### Step 1: Create a Data Transformation in Braze

{% alert note %}
Data transformation is currently in early access. Contact your Braze customer success manager if you are interested in participating in the early access.
{% endalert %}

Braze recommends creating a transformation per the Regal webhook you plan to send to Braze. 

To create a Data Transformation:

> - Navigate to the Transformations page in your Braze dashboard
> - Give your transformation a name and click **Create transformation**
> - Use the vertical menu icon to copy the webhook URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Transformations** page in your Braze dashboard.
2. Give your transformation a name and click **Create transformation**.
3. From the list of transformations, click <i class="fa-solid fa-ellipsis-vertical" title="View actions"></i> and select **Copy webhook URL**.
```

![][4]

### Step 2: Enable reporting webhooks in Regal

> To set up reporting Webhooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up reporting webhooks:
```

#### Events
Regal's [Reporting Webhooks guide][7] includes the complete list of Reporting events they publish. There you can see definitions of properties and sample payloads as well.

### Step 3: Transform Regal events into Braze events

Braze's [Data Transformation]({{site.baseurl}}/data_transformation) feature allows you to map incoming Regal events into the format necessary to be added as attributes, events, or purchases in Braze.

1. Name your Data Transformation. It is recommended to set up a Data Transformation per event webhook.

2. To test the connection, create an outbound call from the Regal Agent Desktop to your cell phone and submit the Conversation Summary form to create a call.completed event.

3. Determine what identifiers you will use to map your Regal contacts to your Braze profiles. The available identifiers in Regal events include:
   - `userId` - only set on events if you've previously sent this identifier for a contact
   - `traits.phone`
   - `traits.email` - only set on events if you've previously sent this identifier for a contact

#### Braze-supported identifiers

> - Braze does not support phone numbers as an identifier. To use this as an identifier, the phone number can be set as a user alias. To learn more about Braze User Aliases, refer to this [documentation][8].

Reviewer: Suggestion for more meaningful link text
```suggestion
- Braze does not support phone numbers as an identifier. To use this as an identifier, the phone number can be set as a [user alias][8] in Braze.
```
